Renaming ```release``` branch to ```stable``` (#1780)
helmholtz-analytics/heat: RELEASE.md

- You need [PyPi](https://pypi.org/), [Test.PyPi](https://test.pypi.org/) account
- All intended PRs are merged, all tests have passed, and the `main` branch is ready for release.

**Create Pre-release Branch**

1. Got to [this GH Action](https://github.com/helmholtz-analytics/heat/actions/workflows/release-prep.yml) and start a new manual workflow.

>   1. Use workflow from should always be main.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. `Use workflow from` should always be `main`.
```

  2. Change the version number to the next release (1.5.0) in this case.

>   3. Because this is a mayor or minor release, the base branch should be `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Because this is a major or minor release, the base branch should be `main`.
```

  4. Change the title, if you want to give the release a special name.
  5. Run the workflow.

> When the workflow is done, you should see two new pull requests. One targeting `main`, the other one targeting `stable`. Both should be created for the same branch, `pre-release/x.y.z`. The new branch should include changes with the new version number on `version.py`, and an update `CHANGELOG.md`. For now, ignore the PR targeting main. That PR should only be merged after the release has been merged to `stable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the workflow is done, you should see two new pull requests. One targeting `main`, the other one targeting `stable`. Both should be created for the same branch, `pre-release/x.y.z`. The new branch should include changes with the new version number on `version.py`, and an updated (or up-to-date?) `CHANGELOG.md`. For now, ignore the PR targeting main. That PR should only be merged after the release has been merged to `stable`.
```

2. Ensure that the changes to `version.py` and `CHANGELOG.md` are correct, if not, fix them. 

4. If necessary, also update the Requirements section on README.md to reflect the latest version of the dependencies.

5. Update `CITATION.cff` if needed, i.e. add names of non-core contributors (they are included in the Release notes draft you just created). Push to `workflows/version-update`.

6. Once the changes are done, merge the pull request.
  - ONLY MERGE THE PR FOR `stable`

>   - DO NOT DELETE THE BRANCH AFTERWARDS.

Reviewer: branch protection?

(e.g. 1.5.0 --> 1.5.1)

1. Check that all intended branches have been merged to the `stable` branch.

2. Got to [this GH Action](https://github.com/helmholtz-analytics/heat/actions/workflows/release-prep.yml) and start a new manual workflow.

  1. Use workflow from should always be main.
  2. Change the version number to the next release (1.5.1) in this case.

>   3. Because this is a mayor or minor release, the base branch should be `stable`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Because this is a patch release, the base branch should be `stable`.
```

  4. Change the title, if you want to give the release a special name.
  5. Run the workflow.

> When the workflow is done, you should see two new pull requests. One targeting `main`, the other one targeting `stable`. Both should be created for the same branch, `pre-release/x.y.z`. The new branch should include changes with the new version number on `version.py`, and an update `CHANGELOG.md`. For now, ignore the PR targeting main. That PR should only be merged after the release has been merged to `stable`.

Reviewer: I think I found the answer to my other question
